all right so now it's time for our salad
and I'm going to make you an incredible
salad with a lot of fresh ingredients
this is in my cookbook it's called
rainbow slaw first I'm going to start
out with a purple cabbage now this is
kind of similar to a coleslaw but I'm
going to add a lot of different
vegetables so I have here purple cabbage
and I'm using cone number two which is a
great cut for a lot of different salads
gives a nice bite
and I thought green cabbage and remember
a cabbage is packed full of so much
nutrients it's a cancer-fighting food
now I'm going to add an English cucumber
and with my English cucumber I'm going
to use the guard and utilize all of the
cucumber and an English cucumber is just
a thin-skinned cucumber there's a lot
out there like the Persian cucumbers and
what's nice is you can eat it all
utilize the skin it's really mild it's
not bitter so we have our beautiful
cucumber now the next thing I want to
add is a zucchini zucchini is one of my
favorite foods whether I eat it raw or
whether it's cooked especially raw it
has a nice flavor to it a nice texture
we're going to do some celery and the
thing with the salad master machine I
find if I just leave this on my calendar
I'm so inspired just to eat a lot more
vegetables just because it's the easy
preparation process so whether I'm doing
mixed greens and adding all these
vegetables on top of it or I'm doing
this type of slaw and we got carrot
I remember keep the peels on especially
if you're buying really good quality
produce
so we have our carrot the next thing I
want to add is a Chioggia beet now
Chioggia beets are amazing they call
them candy cane beets sometimes because
the beautiful stripes and beets are so
nice and fresh in a salad
look at that color isn't that beautiful
now I'm going to add a golden bead now
you can see why this is turning into
rainbow slaw because of all the
beautiful colors all right that's what's
beautiful so what I'm going to do is you
know sometimes I like to add just an
apple for sweetness and you could use
any dressing that you like to toss with
this whether it's a vinaigrette my
favorite is to use a shiitake
vinaigrette or sometimes I like making
my own tahini sauce and tahini is just
basically sesame seeds that ground into
a paste and made into a dressing with
garlic and lemon it's a great source of
calcium too so that's what I'm probably
going to add today is our tahini so
there we have it our rainbow slaw and
I'll just dress that I'm using a little
bit of a mixture I'm using this shiitake
vinaigrette and I'm going to use a
little bit of our tahini dressing
and there you have it